Channel permissions (#707)
saleor/saleor-docs: docs/developer/permissions.mdx

        "accessibleChannels": [
          {
            "slug": "channel-pln"
          },
          {
            "slug": "default-channel"
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

#### Creating a group with channel restrictions

Request:

```graphql
mutation {
  permissionGroupCreate(
    input: {
      addPermissions: [MANAGE_ORDERS]
      addUsers: []
      name: "Order managers for channel USD"
      restrictedAccessToChannels: true
      addChannels: ["Q2hhbm5lbDoy"]
    }
  ) {
    errors {
      message
    }
    group {
      id
      name
      permissions {
        name
      }
      restrictedAccessToChannels
      accessibleChannels {
        slug
      }
    }
  }
}
```

A successful response:

```json
{
  "data": {
    "permissionGroupCreate": {
      "errors": [],
      "group": {
        "id": "R3JvdXA6MjY=",
        "name": "Order managers for USD channel",
        "permissions": [
          {
            "name": "Manage orders."
          }
        ],
        "restrictedAccessToChannels": true,
        "accessibleChannels": [
          {
            "slug": "channel-pln"
          }
        ]
      }
    }
  }
}
```

> As we can see the `accessibleChannels` differ from the previous one. The users from this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we can see, the `accessibleChannels` field differs from the previous example. The users from this
```

> group will have access only to data from `channel-pln`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
group will have access only to data from the `channel-pln` channel.
```
